README.md, before:

# SEO Case Studies [![License: CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/80x15.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)

This is a curated list of awesome SEO case-studies. For contributions please check [this](https://github.com/awesome-seo-tools/seo-browser-extensions/blob/master/CONTRIBUTIONS.md).

## 2020

### September

 - [Google Entity Carousels: How to Earn Your Spot](https://wordlift.io/blog/en/google-entity-carousels-how-to-earn-the-spot)

 - [How to Choose Google My Business Categories](https://moz.com/blog/how-to-choose-google-my-business-categories)

 - [Shorter Content Earns the Most Backlinks](https://www.searchenginejournal.com/shorter-content-earns-the-most-backlinks-study-says/380267/)


### August

 - [An Hreflang Implementation Guide: How to add and Implement Hreflang Tags](https://www.aleydasolis.com/en/search-engine-optimization/avoiding-hreflang-issues-by-following-a-6-steps-implementation-process/)

 - [How long does it take to rank in Google?](https://ahrefs.com/blog/how-long-does-it-take-to-rank/)

 - [Link Building Case Study: How We Built Backlinks With a ‘Stats’ Page (And Ranked #1)](https://ahrefs.com/blog/link-building-case-study/)


### July

 - [How Ahrefs does SEO: 7 unconventional lessons in product-led content marketing](https://supermetrics.com/blog/ahrefs-product-led-content-marketing-and-seo)

Commit message:

CONTENT: Updating Content for SEO: How to Teach Your Old Blog New Tricks

README.md, after:

# SEO Case Studies [![License: CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/80x15.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)

This is a curated list of awesome SEO case-studies. For contributions please check [this](https://github.com/awesome-seo-tools/seo-browser-extensions/blob/master/CONTRIBUTIONS.md).

## 2020

### September

 - [Updating Content for SEO: How to Teach Your Old Blog New Tricks](https://www.orbitmedia.com/blog/update-old-blog-posts/)

 - [Google Entity Carousels: How to Earn Your Spot](https://wordlift.io/blog/en/google-entity-carousels-how-to-earn-the-spot)

 - [How to Choose Google My Business Categories](https://moz.com/blog/how-to-choose-google-my-business-categories)

 - [Shorter Content Earns the Most Backlinks](https://www.searchenginejournal.com/shorter-content-earns-the-most-backlinks-study-says/380267/)


### August

 - [An Hreflang Implementation Guide: How to add and Implement Hreflang Tags](https://www.aleydasolis.com/en/search-engine-optimization/avoiding-hreflang-issues-by-following-a-6-steps-implementation-process/)

 - [How long does it take to rank in Google?](https://ahrefs.com/blog/how-long-does-it-take-to-rank/)

 - [Link Building Case Study: How We Built Backlinks With a ‘Stats’ Page (And Ranked #1)](https://ahrefs.com/blog/link-building-case-study/)


### July

 - [How Ahrefs does SEO: 7 unconventional lessons in product-led content marketing](https://supermetrics.com/blog/ahrefs-product-led-content-marketing-and-seo)
